Roman is doing well you see this new car
my friend I want to go to Juliet's 3 I'm
going to Hecht this Drive so you you
been working for Roman long ever since I
got to this city my friend Romans been
screwing me ever since I got here yes
amen don't talk shit about Roman we
don't pay fairly go work for someone
else yeah whatever
I don't do this crap for the money
anyway I just serve for the pussy man
yeah girls dig this car do they useful
to know it's not the car my friend
it's the player driving this shit I pick
up a girl from the airport I'm gonna be
hearing that shit up in a hotel room
soon as we get there for real man I had
my hands on more tourists than airport
security if a woman turns up at Francis
International then this guy is going to
know about her concealed weaponry you
get me sure you bang tourists I get the
point my friend I got so much pussy
around this town I'm surprised there's
any left for the rest of you chumps me
too
move it move it mud move
good
in dog lover you're doing good but he
still gets me to pick up his piss face
cousin for free aren't I lucky boy I
want to go to xenotime Street all right
let's go
you're a charming guy you know that
screw you shit face you remind me of my
wife man take advantage of my generosity
and insult me at the same time you got a
wife how about all that women you pick
up in the car my friend you are a bitch
I taught you well ever since I first see
your ugly-ass face wouldn't matter that
I got a wife if you've been married for
three years you'd realize getting pussy
is a very different thing don't you love
her
course I love her my friend she cooks
for me and does my laundry I love that
woman yeah but I love pussy - there
ain't no dying this warrior down I'm an
animal I need that pussy
you
I must get one of those three shaft air
fresheners if I'm going to be ferrying
around God bags like you
helloyou free-riding dog lover get in to
Albany Avenue I'm going to Hecht this
Drive ramen is real lucky to have you
working for him your customer service is
impeccable you want to know about my
customer service you asked one of my
female passengers they'll tell you our
service damn good great I'm sure that
must be good for you it is good for me
real good I love that shit almost as
much as the bitches do and I tell you
something
the women are actually paying for their
rides not freeloading like a certain
ugly Eastern European immigrant scumbag
I know if you didn't have your cousin
you wouldn't have anything how come you
too lazy to start a business like Roman
did I might not work either if I was
getting all the money in free rides I
wanted from my cousin I look after Roman
I help him out sure you do
you help him get into trouble I know
your type homeboy don't think I'm not
streetwise Holmes because I seen shit
you couldn't imagine for real my friend
for real okay then for real
now get out of here and don't trouble me
again
all right mister I'm Romans cousin so
I'm too good to pay for a car get in I
want to go to Juliet Street all right
let's go
you better be enjoying yourself back
there because I'm hating every second I
have to drive you around for free yeah
well maybe you should chill out you're
going to have a heart attack getting so
angry the whole time you know how much a
driver can get paid in this city shit a
yellow cab is just a license to steal
man this don't pay too bad when I'm
driving real fares that is not just
Romans stupid cousin you don't like
driving me talk to Roman he can send one
of his other drivers you'd love that
wouldn't you get a hard-working father
of six fired because he didn't treat you
like God's gift to the earth you're cold
man I scored you really want me to get
fired
no of course I don't want you to get
fired you got a job to do shit I didn't
realize you had six kids well I probably
got about six kids my wife hasn't had
any yet but the amount of pussy I get
men has to be some out there doesn't it
you know sure whatever you say lover man
move it move it mutt move
I hope you enjoy the trouble you are
going to be getting into here
you always beat man
get in quickly you head big I want to go
to xenotime Street I was thinking you
would say sick bondage club so am I
taking you to a big drug deal or some
shit my friend you got it back into snow
strapped to your chest
I don't know what you're talking about
what you didn't think I was down with
that game you didn't think I knew what
you were about I got all kinds of crazy
shit I only started driving this cab to
make my wife shut up you can't go around
busting caps and people when you got
responsibilities perhaps you shouldn't
go around busting caps and people
regardless of your responsibilities
that's fucking funny next thing you're
going to tell me I shouldn't be having
extramarital affairs you got to do that
shit to survive my friend of course and
to help your survival you should just
stick to driving this car man five
seconds someone is going to get hit
I hope you enjoyed your free ride I
certainly did not enjoy the driving of
you